rick this is based out iraq
I'll show you how the
after the accident and a pain in the
Do not even talk to me here to cry on
to paint paint here is making a
changed to the wall just me with it
iconic image
I'll try to solve it right there, man.
closed
It's good to see what happens there no more
is fucking speechless there for you O my
luck did not hit him in the
engine or kneaded the most expensive tank
I already told you this fairing here.
walking is effective
thousand and 114 and 116 I'm not mistaken 510
300 rpm but the pedalboard it gave
a crumpled linen on the exchange that goes
stay is 190 on kawasaki
the rest is that there is the instant thanks
God done nothing comes the same and
thinking now still on the positive side
nothing happened right
It could have been worse, I'm going to climb one
video for you there the accident and take the
conclusions from you there what what
It happened
always have someone to talk some
Well, we're prepared there.
people have a channel people are prepared
to hear all the reviews
that's it
thank you and then there is always always
together and with us there helping Iran not
Do you know there are people who already have it?
The channel already rains at home with her.
willy he will make a nice price for
you and the ring and the workshop that already
victor who is 3 thousand friend only this here
talk, you can see
rafael's friend
only three thousand galera 2006 already solve the
stop nobody leaves new here from here beauty
a joke and I'm staying for her
That hug, I was with the galley, thanks.
rui